Week 1:

During Week 1, I formed a group with other members in my class. We discussed which project we would work on for the term 
and decided that we will work on the FilmFinder project. The scrum master was chosen, and the relevant collaboration tools 
were set up such as Google Docs for the project proposal and Jira for documenting user stories and sprints. I worked on 
the background information section for the project proposal. 

Week 2:

The focus of this week was to clarify the technologies that were going to be used in the project. It was agreed upon that 
python would be used for the backend as most members are comfortable using this language. Furthermore, SQLite is to be used 
for the database as some members including myself are familiar with this language. I mainly worked on developing user stories 
for the project after analysing the project specification, and it was decided as a group that the user stories should be finalised
by the end of the week in order to finish the project proposal on time. 

Week 3: 

Since the project proposal was due at the end of this week, the majority of my work was completing the incompleted sections of the proposal
such as finalising the user stories, epics, sprint planning, and novel functionality. Much of this was done as a group
as many decisions had to be made as a group. The technology stack to be used was also finalised in this week's lab which 
was chosen to be the MEAN stack. Additionally, I spent some time getting familiar with the technologies that are to be used
in the project including MongoDB, Express.js, and Node.js by viewing online tutorials. 

Week 4: 

During Week 4, the group began its first sprint by completing the user stories that were allocated to this sprint. The objective 
was to get the basic website framework going as how to interact with the database containing the movies was still an issue that 
needed resolving and the method undertaken setting up the database and interacting with it also needed to be clarified and finalised as 
a group. I created a dummy dataset using MongoDB so our group has a small sample of movie data to use and experiemnt with. Additionally,
I focused on completing the user stories in relation to search, with the back-end aspect yet to be completed once the database details
are finalised. 

Week 5: 

I worked on making sure the search functionality was implemented in the front-end of our appplication so that it can be demonstrated
in the progressive Demo this week. I had to make sure that the search string that the user was inputting in the search bar for 
movies and director/genre was shown in the new route that the user was directed to (with the help of other team members as I had
trouble implementing this due to unfamiliar syntax). Since the front-end was not integrated with the back-end, I worked on making 
sure that the remaining user stories in relation to search for sprint 1 were completed so that I can start working on the second 
sprint at the beginning of Week 6. The first progressive Demo was done this week, and our team completed the first retrospective as well. 

Week 6:

After the first progressive Demo was carried out, I helped make sure that the user stories that were not completed or fully functional 
during the first sprint were completed before our group began work on the second sprint. I worked on ensuring that the search functionality
worked for sprint one when searching by director or by a movie name. For sprint 2, I assigned myself the user stories to work on viewing 
the wishlist of any user that has left a review for a given movie, and viewing the details of any director or cast member on the platform. 
I worked on the front-end for the ban list funtionality of users, and also worked on setting up the front-end to display the wishlist of any 
user given a user id for the reviews page.

Week 7: 

My focus this week was implementing the ability for users to view the profile of any other user when they are seeing all the reviews on the 
review page for a movie. Additionally, I further worked on the front-end ban list funtionality of users as I encountered problems when testing the banlist
of different users. After the lab meeting with my group members, I was able to start work on viewing the details of cast members and directors 
when viewing them in the search results. The group decided that we should start work on the final report as well as the later weeks of the term are
relatively busier. 

Week 8: 

For Week 8, my main contribution was ensuring that the error I was experiencing for viewing the details of cast members/directors who had left a review for 
a movie would be resolved, and that all my respective user stories for sprint 2 were finished in time for progressive demo B. With the help of my team members, 
I was able to complete all my user stories for sprint 2 on time for progressive Demo B, and I decided which user stories I would work on for 
sprint 3 (director-cast related). The group also had a meeting to complete the second retrospective after the demo. I plan on contributing both to code development 
in sprint 3 and the final project report in the coming weeks. 

Week 9: 

During Week 9, I focused on completing the user stories in sprint 3 that were related to directors and cast members as this was my focus in the second sprint. 
I worked on calculating the average rating for a director/cast member given all of their associated movies, and also displaying the average rating for a director/cast 
member in the movie details page. I also worked on reviews for directors and cast members, however I experienced some issues in getting it to work properly. I had to 
collaborate with other members to ensure that the back-end functionality works for my user stories as well. 

Week 10:

For the final week of the project, I ensured that my user stories for sprint 3 were working correctly and as expected. I received a lot of help from my group members
in order to make the reviews for directors/cast work correctly (especially for the back-end implementations). Additionally, I also managed to fix the issues 
with displaying the average rating for a director/cast member correctly with the help of my team members. My user stories for sprint 3 were completed along with the
rest of the user stories for sprint 3. I familiarised myself with all of the rest of the implemented features that other members worked on. I also assisted in preparing the project 
report, mainly working on the technical details section and implementation challenges section. 
 




