Dion Earle (z5205292) Work Diary

Week 1

To get started, we formed our group and exchanged details so we can communicate outside of tutorials.
We also scheduled a weekly meeting. We then decided as a group we would create the FilmFinder project.
In our first tutorial, we setup our Jira accounts and created a template for our project proposal. For
the proposal, I researched several technologies/languages we could use to construct our web app,
comparing the positives and negatives of each potential option.

Week 2

This week we setup our github classroom repository and continued working on the project proposal.
Whilst we managed to narrow down the technologies suitable to construct our web app, I believed we
needed further research before making a final decision, so we planned to discuss this next week. After
our user stories were extracted from the project objectives, I also created several novel user stories
that weren't included in the project specification, which involved research and reflection of which
features a user may desire/expect from our site. For next week, we plan to finalise all user stories,
setup our sprints and create storyboards.

Week 3

To start the week, we had a meeting on Monday to discuss what still needed to be completed in our
proposal. In the tutorial, we finalised the technologies to be used for our web app, and I described
all of these in the proposal. For many sections of the proposal the team worked collaboratively, as
this ensured everyone was on the same page and all opinions were fairly considered. Individually, I
worked on creating user stories for some novel functionality and adding these to the product backlog,
creating the system architecture diagram, and overall formatting and editing of many other sections.
Finally, I did some further research on creating a MEAN web app, and I setup all the files and
technologies so everyone would be ready to start working on the project next week.

Week 4

Having submitted our project proposal, we had a meeting on Monday to discuss who would be allocated
what user stories for the first sprint. I was assigned to work on the signup, login, logout, and
profile functionality, as these were all closely related. Before doing so, I spent a lot of time doing
tutorials and researching the technology we would use, and used this knowledge to setup our site's
entire framework that we would all use. In our Thursday meeting, I explained in depth how our system
is structured and the process for expanding on this with our own code. At the end of the week, I had
mostly implemented my assigned user stories, yet there were a few smaller issues with signup that I
would resolve next week.

Week 5

We had a meeting on Monday to determine what work was to be completed before our progressive demo on
Thursday. For my assigned user stories, I resolved the outstanding issues with signup so a user could
not leave any fields blank or use an email associated with an existing account, alongside making some
frontend aesthetic changes. I also setup MongoDB Atlas for our project, so we had a shared cloud
database. Then, I spent the rest of the week helping others with any issues they were facing, which
included re-implementing the search functionality so a user's search terms were actually passed as
parameters to the route, and connecting the front-end search functionality to the backend database so
that search queries would fetch and display results. Finally, we had our progressive demo for sprint
1, and held a retrospective meeting afterwards in which we discussed the positives alongside
improvements to make for future sprints.

Week 6

Since we hadn't completed all of our user stories for the first sprint, our priority was to complete
these before our next meeting on Monday. For me this involved fixing the search functionality so it
only searches for the keyword in the required field, refactoring large parts of the code to reduce
redundancy and improve readability, and updating the API so it fetches movies by id rather than title.
Having done all this, on Monday we assigned ourselves user stories for the current sprint. Throughout
this week, I implemented a wishlist for users, where they can add or remove a movie from their
wishlist. This also involved implementing the frontend aspects, including display a user's wishlist
on their profile page with each item linking to that movie's page. Alongside this, I added an admin
user type, alongside allowing them to delete any movie they find on the site and giving them a way to
add a movie to the site. Our next meeting is on Monday, where we will discuss our progress for the
current sprint.

Week 7

This week we continued working on our assigned user stories for the second sprint. For me, the major
parts I worked on included fully implementing the average ratings for movies into the frontend,
implementing features for the banlist functionality such as adding, removing and viewing users in
your banlist, only showing reviews from users not in your banlist, and allowing admin users to delete
a review for a movie. Alongside this, I also worked on fixing any ongoing issues with either my own
or other people's code, including refactoring the backend review functions so they use the ID of a
movie rather than the title, displaying reviews in descending order of when they were created, and
allowing non logged in users to view the reviews for a movie. Finally, as a group we decided to begin
work on the final report so it isn't rushed closer to the due date.

Week 8

This was our final week for the second sprint, in which we were making good progress on our user
stories. The final outstanding user stories that had not yet been picked up by anyone was a movie
recommendation system, so I decided I would attempt to implement this. I managed to do so, with it
being based on the movie's average rating, genres, cast and directors. Alongside this, I helped others
to ensure they also finished their user stories, which included displaying associated movies on the
director/cast details page, removing duplicate movies from these results, and ensuring that clicking
a genre on the movie details page links to that genre's search page. I also updated the UI for
several pages to make it more standardised, and ensured the average rating displayed for movies used
the star system implemented by Sarah. Having completed all of the user stories for this sprint, we
presented our work in the progressive demo, and shortly after held our retrospective. We also briefly
discussed how we would split the work for the final sprint and assigned user stories so we could
get started on this.

Week 9

In our final week, the sprint focused on all of the novel functionalities we defined in the user
stories, being director/cast ratings and groups. I assigned myself eight of the user stories
associated with groups, and spent a majority of the week working on this. We also collaboratively
worked on different aspects of the report to ensure it was completed in time. Since there was lots
of work to be completed, we had several meetings throughout the week to continually check each
others progress and get help/advice if required. Once I had completed my assigned user stories, I
spent the last couple days fixing errors that could either not be fixed previously, had not been
found before, or were a result of merging different branches. After doing so, both our project and
report were ready to submit for their deadline.
