Sarah Williams, z5205420
Wk 1
Formed team with other class members and chose the FilmFinders project.
Team roles were chosen and I set up the Google Docs folder for the team and the Jira
boards were set up.
Begun working on the proposal. I added information on the background section

Wk 2
In weekly lab the group focused on deciding what technologies to use. Ready for 
meeting on Monday we will have researched our potential options in order to make a 
decision on it.
I have been continuing to work on the proposal, including editing the background section
and setting up how objectives and functionality relates to the user stories

Wk 3
Met with the group on Monday to plan out more of the proposal. In the lab on Thursday
we chose to work using a MEAN stack, so I spent time researching this.
Primarily I worked on the storyboards and flow charts (designed them and the rest of
the group edited it after to check it complied with our desired webpage).
Alo worked on the proposal, editing different sections. 

Wk 4
Met with group on Monday and Thursay. We made a rough plan of how to approach the first
sprint which is to be completed week 5 wed. 
For the first half of the week I mostly found resources on using MEAN stack so I could get
an idea of how the project would run.
Then I worked on US 3-> browsing by director and genre.So far I have mostly worked on
the front end of this user story. 

Wk 5
Met with group on Monday and Thursday. This week I implemented the front end of the
genre browsing functionality in the first half of the week. After the progressive demo
on Thursday, I connected the front and backend of this functionality. I also implemented
the functionality where users could click on the title of a result from a search and be
directed to the details page of that movie. 
From the retrospectie we completed after the progresive demo, I am responsible for 
ensuring that as group members we communicate more frequently to let each other know
what we are working on. 

Wk 6
This week, as a team we started on Sprint 2. We met on Monday to plan out the 
user stories to be completed. I begun work on the user stories relating to 
writing and viewing reviews of movies. I used the work Xin completed on the backend
for writing and getting reviews and linked this into the front end. I also met 
with Xin and Rohail and Thursday and we chatted through some problems we were having
and made plans of how we would continue working on sprint 2. 

Wk 7
Met with the group on Monday where we merged all new code and also updated each other
on our progress. This week I converted the numerical ratings in the front end 
to star ratings. Star ratings where then also displayed for all previously written
ratings and the average for each movie. In the meeting on Thursday we again updated
each other on our progress and cleared up what had to be done for the rest of sprint 2.
I created the document for the final report and begun working on it by making a plan/
outline for the report. 

Wk 8
This week as a group we completed sprint 2. We met on Wednesday to merge all of sprint 
2's code together. On Thursday we discussed sprint 3 during our lab time and set up
the jira board for it. We also had our progressive demo that went well and completed
our retrospective after the lab at 1.30. I have been allocated the responsibility
of keep track of any bugs in the code during sprint 3. Personally, I spent the first half
of the week working extensively on the report completing the introduction and working
on the sections on the design of the system and functionalities. For sprint 3 I have
been working on implementing functionality relating to groups. I worked on creating, 
searching, joining and leaving groups, implementing this in both the front and backend. 

Wk 9
Met with the team on Monday to discuss how this final week would work. I decided to add an 
extra functionality, displaying all reviews written by the registered user on their profile.
This was not a user story but was set up on our story boards. I also helped other team members
with the front end for writing reviews for a director/cast as this is what I worked on in sprint 2.
Continued working on the report, now writing up the sections on licensing and functionality.
Met with the grou on Sunday morning to merge our code and discuss the final parts still to do. 